>>KRISTINA: I wanted to say how sweet that
you are
this is the sweetest man in the whole world
his energy is just wonderful and
that's all I can say
you are enough to sell me any bottle of shampoo
>>ANTHONY: I'm here basically as your consultation
>>KRISTINA: Yes
>>ANTHONY: I am not going to sell you anything
we're basically going to like give you
the spokes in a wheel
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: I want to volumize your hair double what
it is
the thickness is really gorgeous and the condition
is great
>>KRISTINA: This is going to be the before
and then you are going to see the after later
>>ANTHONY: Yeah so let's get all the before
what I'd like to do is like
give you the dates to trim the ends once a
season
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: So I'm going to do that
so the next shaping you're going to do
is going to be
for the spring equinox
I'll give you that date
and then you basically you can cut your own
hair
do you cut your own hair
>>KRISTINA: No
>>ANTHONY: Yeah so when it's wet
all you have to do is bring it down
and then just take it
hold it and just snip the ends
because you don't need to cut much off
you want to seal the ends so they don't break
and then that's about 18 to 20 acupuncture
treatments
every time you cut it during the equinox
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: Then the equinox solstice for you
>>ANTHONY: You're going to use the scalp massager
for blood and air into the scalp
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: This is like 100 percent rubber
>>KRISTINA: Okay perfect beautiful
so you just
>>ANTHONY: Yeah just place it there exactly
>>KRISTINA: Awesome this is like
>>ANTHONY: You have beautiful hair
>>KRISTINA: Thank you
>>ANTHONY: You just really want to like
really bring it up to the next level
with Morrocco Method
>>KRISTINA: This is beautiful
>>ANTHONY: Then we're going to alternate the
five shampoos
so we have fire air earth water ether
and some of them you're really going to like
a lot more
than the others
but I would say rotate them
because Dan's basically stuck with the Pine
Shale
I'm stuck with the Chi Shampoo that's my favorite
>>KRISTINA: I think I am going to need the
Sea and the Chi the most
>>ANTHONY: Yeah but we still alternate
that's what I got ready for you
the Sea and the Chi
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: But you can alternate the others
the same thing with the five conditioners
they're like spokes in a wheel
and we're going to get you to brush
>>KRISTINA: Brush?
>>ANTHONY: Really nice more natural boar bristle
brush
and we have special directions how to bend
over
and brush because a lot of the sebaceous gland
oils
are in the nape because our skin is so thick
back here
and it's really thin in the hair line
so you want to take the excess oil out
brush it down to the ends
so your natural oils are the best in the world
you brush them back and forth
and get it to really make your hair lubricated
you get moisturized
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: And what is your general hair regime
now
>>KRISTINA: I usually wash about once a week
And I yeah I usually just put in like any
type of like
coconut oil or oil and I just let my hair
be
free
>>ANTHONY: Good we're going to get you some
the elixir oils
I think the god and goddess series for you
would be perfect
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: Then you can alternate this four
oils
>>KRISTINA: Oh I like goddesses
>>Anthony: Yep goddess energy
and a little god to go with it
>>KRISTINA: Okay so
>>ANTHONY: We have the reconditioner
the rejuvenator
the restorer >>KRISTINA: How do I use these
>>ANTHONY: The revitalizer
>>KRISTINA: How do I use these
>>ANTHONY: yeah so like
there's a whole set of instructions
that I'm going to basically send you
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: Really simple
but you are going to have them as moisturizers
so for oils it'll be another
different level of moisturizer
besides from what you are doing already
Dan just started the series
and he's already growing a lot of new hair
he's pretty excited about it
>>KRISTINA: Awesome
>>ANTHONY: And then we're going to get you
the Zen Detox
>>KRISTINA: Okay I heard that is like a mask
right
>>ANTHONY: It's a hair mask
>>KRISTINA: Yeah it's a hair mask
>>ANTHONY: Yeah
so like when you ladies do facials
and facial masks
this one is like millions of years of
decomposed volcanic clays from Italy
and the animals taught us how to use it
so you basically mix it up like a cream
leave it over like 24 hours to hydrate
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: Then put it in the scalp and hair
you can do your whole
I do my whole bust when I do it
from here all the way up
10-15 minutes
first time wash out wait a month
you can leave it in for 15 20 30 minutes
>>KRISTINA: Does it dry it out
>>ANTHONY: No
you leave it more than an hour it will start
drying it out
yes but if it does
>>KRISTINA: Okay
>>ANTHONY: The oils are here to rescue you